release 4.27.0 changelog (beta) (#4410)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

## 4.27.0 (Unreleased)

IMPROVEMENTS:
* clouddeploy: added `suspend` field to `google_clouddeploy_delivery_pipeline` resource ([#4394](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4394))
* compute: added maxPortsPerVm field to `google_compute_router_nat` resource ([#4400](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4400))
* compute: added `psc_connection_id` and `psc_connection_status` output fields to `google_compute_forwarding_rule` and `google_compute_global_forwarding_rule` resources ([#4392](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4392))
* container: added `tpu_config` to `google_container_cluster` (beta only) ([#4390](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4390))
* containeraws: made `config.instance_type` field updatable in `google_container_aws_node_pool` ([#4392](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4392))

BUG FIXES:

> * compute: fixed default handling for `enableDynamicPortAllocation` to be managed by the api ([#4391](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4391))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* compute: fixed default handling for `enable_dynamic_port_allocation ` to be managed by the api ([#4391](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4391))
```
